Fast follows for Unit Testing (#4975)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/unit-test-overrides.md

---
title: "Unit test overrides"
sidebar_label: "Overrides"
---

When configuring your unit test, you can override the output of [macros](/docs/build/jinja-macros#macros), [project variables](/docs/build/project-variables), or [environment variables](/docs/build/environment-variables) for a given unit test. 

```yml

 - name: test_my_model_overrides
    model: my_model
    given:
      - input: ref('my_model_a')
        rows:
          - {id: 1, a: 1}
      - input: ref('my_model_b')
        rows:
          - {id: 1, b: 2}
          - {id: 2, b: 2}
    overrides:
      macros:
        type_numeric: override
        invocation_id: 123
      vars:
        my_test: var_override
      env_vars:
        MY_TEST: env_var_override
    expect:
      rows:
        - {macro_call: override, var_call: var_override, env_var_call: env_var_override, invocation_id: 123}

```

## Macros

You can override the output of any macro in your unit test defition. 

> There are some macros you _must_ override if the model you're unit testing uses them:

Reviewer: Simplifying and making active.
```suggestion
If the model you're unit testing uses these macros, you must override them:
```
